1)	Why we need object in java?
        In Java, objects are fundamental because they support the core principles    
        of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP), which provides many benefits for                       
        software development
        1). Encapsulation (Data Hiding)  Objects allow you to group data      
         (attributes) and behavior (methods)           
      together into a single unit, called a class. This concept is called 
        encapsulation
          2) Modularity:Objects provide a way to break down a complex system  
       into smaller, self-contained modules.

2)	What is an Object?
        An object in Java is a fundamental building block of the language,  
       representing a real-world entity or a concept. It is an instance of a class, which is a blueprint or template that defines the properties (attributes) and behaviors (methods) that the object will have.

3)	What is an instance?
      n instance in Java refers to a specific, concrete occurrence of an object created from a class. When you create an object from a class, you are essentially creating an instance of that class. The term "instance" is often used to describe an individual object that is created from a class.

4)	Difference between class, interface and enum?
         
        
5)	Why enum?
       Enums (short for "enumerations") are a powerful feature in     
          programming, offering several advantages in certain scenario

6)	Is main method mandatory for compilation or execution?
         The main method is not mandatory for compilation in many 
          programming languages, but it is necessary for execution in certain  
          cases, especially in Java and similar languages that follow a similar   
             execution model.
7)	What is mean by user defined method and predefined method?
8)	What is mean by user defined class and predefined class?
9)	Does jvm execute user defined methods automatically?
10)	 Definition of main method?
